Update snowflake-qs.md (#3700)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/quickstarts/snowflake-qs.md

Using Partner Connect allows you to create a complete dbt account with your [Snowflake connection](docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-snowflake), [a managed repository](/docs/collaborate/git/managed-repository), [environments](/docs/build/custom-schemas#managing-environments), and credentials.

> 1. In the Snowflake UI, click on the home icon in the upper left corner. Using the dropdown menu on the left, select Admin. Then select **Partner Connect**. Find the dbt tile by scrolling or by searching for dbt in the search bar. Click the tile to connect to dbt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
1. In the Snowflake UI, click on the home icon in the upper left corner. In the left sidebar, select **Admin**. Then, select **Partner Connect**. Find the dbt tile by scrolling or by searching for dbt in the search bar. Click the tile to connect to dbt.
```
